now we are going to show rustic furniture until
I stammered without doing any harm to nature.
our reporter will be you saints side
north met two artisans who
work outdoors in itá where the
guys have very talented talent and knife
Sanding patience and a lot of dedication
ingredients that together transform
have seen bedside table with luxurious
wood bench turn art in hands
factory whims and a genius
they love to use roots
handicrafts as they are rarer
they enjoy the wood that appears and
let the imagination work the wood
to transform it into decorative pieces
and furniture is a very old art
so the feeling of sitting on the bench
how is this to return to the past but
show the beauty of this work neither
always very easy and not very easy
Why does the factory soon need us?
has a very difficult barrier to educate
family members do not believe in the
We did not have a problem.
very large there the staff did not believe
that the procession left and we
perfect by showing them that we are
able to carry this as a job
for us to guarantee the livelihood and
have more difficulty also eugenio
yes it used to work with a way
cool, is not it?
In the bush in the private area you
process has a process to pay the
value of 5 thousand and today we are god
is working for the partnership with sap
where it is helping out where
organize a craft and
now you have legalized wood for
work from fifa all right what
period of illegality, whereas the two
now you just want to know how to produce your
parts
today thank god he is having a
recognition that he or she is only seeing
believe is that what gives
work to maintain personal're
seeing you're running after liking
and we are working see the bed
made with eucalyptus
the carved leaves and went to the head
the bank is still in the process of finishing
and promises to fill the eyes of many people
the detail is that the factory and eugenio
do not use screws or nails
the wood is all docked after
so much difficulty that you already
faced still face some ne
we are mainly confronted with
the difficulty of being calypso is not that
our area is really raissa that had
what a change to mick to adapt
in fact only from root to eucalyptus
and working on eucalyptus is where
We have it here today, it's because
eucalyptus is not highly valued for
You for us, not us until you're
trying to put value on it, just that
to person at the time that speaks
calypso of people who do not value
both understood the talent of the boys already
still won the polls space parts
produced by them are already part of the
decoration of B & Bs as is was the
reaction of the visitors here of the inn
when they arrived and you will see these socks
different chains here look they find
very interesting because it is a type of
different types of wood do not
found in any establishment and
they soon ask where these
with which are made who go out and
for the environment is also well
interesting, because staying rustic is
a differential of each hostel and thus
they fall in love because they are
very beautiful furniture
Look at the furniture you saw in
reports are sold in the
itaúnas in conception